1.  Dashboard
		a.  Recent Activity column needs to show 25 records at most  Aslo it should be shrunk to the left so that all of the fields on the Activity log can be displayed.
		b.  Just like the Recent Activity log - each record should be single spaced.
		c.  All records for Sales, Orders, Customers, Receipts, Vendors, AP activity (and shipping) need to be listed on both of these reports AND these activity types should have a highlighted link that brings you to the record added or changed - not sure about deleted
		d.  All records for Reports run, system events, and config changes  should also be in both lists.
		e.  The Activity log currently lists selection for All, Inventory, Orders, Customers, Sync, System, Backup.  Please add receipts, sales, Vendors, AP Lite, Reports, config (and Shipping)
		f. A scrolled list of all current inventory that has not yet achieved 85%+ Quality Rating
		g.  The Record payments button should be a small blue like like it is for AP Lite, View Outstanding list, view aging report etc.  
		h.  Unpaid orders should have a link to the payment reminder email letter generator passing the data needed for the shipped but unpaid orders.
		i. Orders awaiting shipment  should be split between orders that have been paid and orders waiting payment.

1.5	All data entry forms
		a.  On all data entry screens/forms, when the form detects a change (it is dirty) then the the system should not allow the user to move off the screen until they indicate to save changes or cancel changes  - period  exen if the exit a screen the system should know that there was a dirty form and make sure to let the user know that the changes not saved on the xxxxx form have been cancelled closed by a continue button.  Then the dirty flag is set clean and return to normal process.
		b.  The save buttons are all over the place and should be in a consistant place on every data entry form.  Currently when the user changes focus without saving, a message pops up saying keep editing, delete changes - both are good choices - but we should add save changes to this popup to prevent the user from seeking a place to save changes on the data entry form.  the results of user interaction with this popup should ba a message about changes saved, a message about changes cancelled, or a return th the form location just prior to the focus change. (assuming this makes sense)
		c.  Every one of the data entry forms is radically different.  I realize that every form is collecting different fields, but the structure should be identical.
			1.  provide a list of all of the records with a filtering function with filter items that are appropriate for each type of thing bering entered.  This list should be single spaced and take up the whole width of the window.  The listing filters should be stacked on one or two lines and not stacked on top of each other unless there is some sort of meaning to the stacking that I am not  aware of.  The first row of the listred data ahould always be Add New.  this eliminates the partial form on the right and keeps things consistant across the application.  Also there should be an update or delete icon at the end of each of the existing record rows - double click is assumed to be update.
			2.  deleted flagged records (or inactivate or whatever we have agreed on) changes the status or indicator as necessary - or removed the record and all of its children records in the database.
			3.  For Add and Change, the record data entry field is the next grouping on the grid.  It lists all of the data fields as it does now (except we want to eliminate dead space so that we have a readable but efficient layout)  - I can think of anything else that may be needed but all of the current edit level requirements and dropdown functionality should still apply.

2.  Sales
		a.  I want to split Shipping out of Inventory to a High level menu item that has the exact functionality that it does currently in Sales.  So sales will not include shipping anf snipping will only include the Shipping fields and the package dimensions and the shipping shopping modal which is currently working perfectly (I believe).  I am not sure where fields under Financials go as these seem to be summary numbers that should be calculated when all data has been entered.
3.  Inventory
		a.  the way that the AI is invoked to complete the sales listing is different if the listing is new or existing.  I want to eliminate the differences - for example regenerating the AI requires that the sale amount be listed - if it is new - then it not required.  I believe that there are a list of required items that a new listing must have for the AI to be able to provide an automatically generated listing.  So lets  have a  button that says evaluate data, or generate listing, or evaluate listing quality - depending on where we re in the process.  If there are required fields missing then we are at Evaluate data.  If we have all the data fields, then we are at Generate Listing.  If we have generated a listing for the item and none of the data on the Item has changed on the listing since we generated it - then we are Evaluate Listing Quality.  The evaluate data button generates a list of the high quality listing requirements, highlighting the missing items - each of which has a resolution link which brings you to the place in the form that needs to be filled.  So the user can move from the missing items list to the correct place on the form to eliminate all of the missing data.  Once all of the data is supplied - the AI is called to generate a listing based on the data that was entered (including pictures etc.) once the listing is created - a date/time stamp is stored to insure that we can determine what (if any) item data changed after the timestamp so we can appropriately put the item in the correct phase. The Evaluate Listing Quality button runs a VERY sophisticated AI quality review that is heavily based on all of the ETSY recommendations and best practices for a listing.  This should include everything that a prospective buyer would see on the listing - descriptions, titles, pictures - everything.  (We currently have something like this but I am not sure that it is sophisticated enough.  There should be a rigorous specification for every picture (for example) that should be used to judge each picture to be sure that the artwork is absolutely on point for what the picture is supposed to display.  If it is not on point, then it should Add a list of required improvements to the remediation list.  Along these lines, every Item Listing data field needs to have a very comprehensive list/description of specifications or requirements that the listed field needs to be judged against.  if the field does not meet the requirements, then the shortcomings and the mitigation needs to be added to the remediation list.  When there are no more items in the remediation list, the Item is ready for a Listing Quality Evaluation again.  I guess that there is a remediation phase to fill the initial missing but required data, and then another remediation that remediates the listing quality issues.  maybe these three states are added to the inventory status to help with manage the Items list (filter)  We should discuss this well so we are in line with what is needed.


		
10.  New Functionality
		a.  I would like to upload the primary picture for an Item, and then have the system generate a "shot list" for all photos/videos needed to achieve the highest rating for pictures. each shot list item should have a name, and a description of what the shot needs to display - ie what is its purpose.
		b.  I would like to provide a a picture with a reference ruler in it and have the system copy the primary picture and add in the appropriate dimensions (length, height (and width as needed))

		
		